languages/python: expand LSPs (#1320)
NotAShelf/neovim-flake: docs/manual/release-notes/rl-0.9.md

[Libadoxon](https://github.com/Libadoxon):

- `toggleterm` open map now also works when in terminal mode

[Machshev](https://github.com/machshev):

> - Added `ruff` and `ty` LSP support for Python using the new API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `ruff` and `ty` LSP support for Python under `programs.python`
```

I don't think you need to specify "the new API" since `languages.*" is a stable API that wraps `vim.lsp.servers` as of v0.8. Let's just point users to the correct module and avoid qualifying the API used.
